Update tutorial-discovering.asciidoc (#76976)
elastic/kibana: docs/getting-started/tutorial-discovering.asciidoc

excess of 47,500. Results appear for account numbers 8, 32, 78, 85, and 97.
+
[role="screenshot"]

> image::images/tutorial-discover-2.png[Image demonstrating search results for account numbers between zero and ninety nine with balances in excess of 47,500. At the top of the image is a heading that reads "5 hits", and dsiplaying results for account numbers 8, 32, 78, 85, and 97.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::images/tutorial-discover-2.png[Image showing the search results for account numbers between zero and 99, with balances in excess of 47,500]
```

account numbers.
+
[role="screenshot"]

> image::images/tutorial-discover-3.png[Image shows a dropdown menu with 5 account numbers, which match the previous query for account balance]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::images/tutorial-discover-3.png[Image showing a dropdown with five account numbers, which match the previous query for account balance]
```
